More gpu docs improvements (#2033)
stackhpc/stackhpc-kayobe-config: doc/source/operations/gpu-in-openstack.rst

Role Configuration
------------------

> Lookup the supported VGPU devices (here we use an H100 as an example).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Look up the supported VGPU devices (here we use an H100 as an example).
```

``0000:06:00.0`` is the PCI address of the GPU itself. You can find this with
``lspci | grep NVIDIA``.

.. code-block:: bash

  # Find the supported mdev types
  ls /sys/class/mdev_bus/0000\:06\:00.0/mdev_supported_types/
  nvidia-1130  nvidia-1131  nvidia-1132  nvidia-1133  nvidia-1134  nvidia-1135  nvidia-1136  nvidia-1137  nvidia-1138  nvidia-1139  nvidia-1140  nvidia-1141  nvidia-1142  nvidia-1143  nvidia-1144

  # Find the names of these types.
  cat /sys/class/mdev_bus/0000\:06\:00.0/mdev_supported_types/*/name
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-10CME
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-10C
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-2-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-3-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-4-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-7-80C
  NVIDIA H100XM-4C
  NVIDIA H100XM-5C
  NVIDIA H100XM-8C
  NVIDIA H100XM-10C
  NVIDIA H100XM-16C
  NVIDIA H100XM-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-80C

Configure the VGPU devices (here we use an A100 as a different example). See
`the NVIDIA VGPU user guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/vgpu/15.0/grid-vgpu-user-guide/index.html>`__`

> for details on device types.

Reviewer: >  See
`the NVIDIA VGPU user guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/vgpu/15.0/grid-vgpu-user-guide/index.html>`__`
for details on device types.

I feel like this is strangely placed. I'd either include it at the start of the section on device types, or in a new paragraph at the end like this:

```suggestion
See
`the NVIDIA VGPU user guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/vgpu/15.0/grid-vgpu-user-guide/index.html>`__`
for details on device types.

Configure the VGPU devices (here we use an A100 as a different example). 
```

Role Configuration
------------------

Look up the supported VGPU devices (here we use an H100 as an example).
``0000:06:00.0`` is the PCI address of the GPU itself. You can find this with
``lspci | grep NVIDIA``.

.. code-block:: bash

  # Find the supported mdev types
  ls /sys/class/mdev_bus/0000\:06\:00.0/mdev_supported_types/
  nvidia-1130  nvidia-1131  nvidia-1132  nvidia-1133  nvidia-1134  nvidia-1135  nvidia-1136  nvidia-1137  nvidia-1138  nvidia-1139  nvidia-1140  nvidia-1141  nvidia-1142  nvidia-1143  nvidia-1144

  # Find the names of these types.
  cat /sys/class/mdev_bus/0000\:06\:00.0/mdev_supported_types/*/name
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-10CME
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-10C
  NVIDIA H100XM-1-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-2-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-3-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-4-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-7-80C
  NVIDIA H100XM-4C
  NVIDIA H100XM-5C
  NVIDIA H100XM-8C
  NVIDIA H100XM-10C
  NVIDIA H100XM-16C
  NVIDIA H100XM-20C
  NVIDIA H100XM-40C
  NVIDIA H100XM-80C

See

> `the NVIDIA VGPU user guide <https://docs.nvidia.com/vgpu/15.0/grid-vgpu-user-guide/index.html>`__`

Reviewer: 15.0 is EOL Production (whatever that means)

19.* is the latest LTS release, came out November 2025, supported till 2028. Worth switching to that?
